What is the proper way to store a legally obtained firearm?
69 Gun safe
Nightstand
Refrigerator
Car Seat
When biking, it is crucial to:
69 Wear a helmet
Wear arm and knee pads
Bring a walkie-talkie
Bring an extra tire in case of a flat
What is the best precaution you can take to prevent bike theft?
Park bike in a hidden spot
Watch your park when it is parked
69 Lock bike
Flatten your tires so it cannot be stolen
What are some ways to prevent muggings?
69 Be aware of your surrondings
Wear airpods
69 Stay in crowded areas
Have possessions easily visible
If approached by a potentially dangerous stranger, how can you eliminate risk?
Immediately engage in a vibrant discussions
Make polite small talk, but stay aware
69 Leave immediately, seek crowded areas
Challenge him to a duel
In the event of seeing an unattended, unmarked bag at an airport, you should
69 report it to the authorities and stay away
Prod at it to discover what it is
Throw the luggage in the garbage
Try and take it home
If a man approaches you asking you to get in his car to help find his dog, you should:
69 Immediately leave
Help him find it
Try to give him directions
Tell him you will give him your phone for help
If an earthquake occurs, you should go to:
Your bed
69 Outdoors into an open area
To the nearest police station
Use the bathroom
If your house catches on fire, you should:
69 Immediately head outside, while staying low
Try to cook lasagna
Throw water on the fire
Hide under the bed
If you see a robbery taking place, should you:
69 Call 911 and stay out of it
Fight the robber
Yell at the robber
Begin filming
What do you do in the case of a fire?
69 Stop, drop, and roll
69 Call 911 for help
Continue playing the Fortnite game you are in because you need that Victory Royale
Stab yourself so the fire can’t kill you
What should you do if a stranger grabs you in public and carries you away?
Play along and hope they don’t kill you
69 Scream for help and try to get away
Ask them if they have candy for you
Make sure they don’t steal your phone since it is the most important thing in your life
When a streamer burns his house on fire on stream (yes this has happened before), what do you do?
Press F in the chat for respects
Start meming about his death
69 Call the police and fire department and inform them of this incident
Set your house on fire because the streamer is so cool and you want to be like him
Your friend dies in a Fortnite game, and causes you to lose the game. What should you NOT do?
69 Slap them in the face because they are stupid and they shouldn’t have died
Say it’s okay and continue playing Fortnite
69 Stop being friends with them because they suck
69 Pick up their computer and throw it at them because they caused you a win
In case of a bomb threat, what should you do?
Open random packages
Throw more random bombs onto street
69 Notify Risk Management about this
All of the above
What is something that can reduce the risk of medical injuries?
Kill everyone - people can’t be injured if they’re already dead
69 Perform every action in a safe and orderly fashion
Pull random pranks in public such as tripping people and shooting paintballs at them
Shove people around whenever you feel like it
How can employees help ensure security?
69 Report all sketchy incidents
69 Wear badges and IDs at all times
Invite random strangers to visit their offices
All of the above
You see a person taking a cell phone from a shelf of a store and leave the store without paying for it. What should you do?
Ask them why they’re stealing
Steal a different cell phone - if others can steal, why can’t you?
69 Tell a store employee or manager
Nothing - Why does it matter to you?
What are things that should not be carried in public randomly?
69 An AR
Flowers wrapped nicely
Chicken bakes
A pencil
You are at school when a shooter with a machine gun comes on campus. What should you do?
Grab the pencil in your backpack and charge the shooter
Nicely ask the shooter to stop it
69 Lock yourself in a classroom and barricade the doors
Start screaming 
What should you do if you see a robbery?
69 Call the police
Try to stop them
Kill them with your ak
Join them in the act
In the case of a fire, how do you escape the 10nd floor of a Building?
Jump out of the window
Use the elevator
69 Go down the stairs
Stay in the building and hope the fire doesn’t reach you
If you see someone drowning, what should you not do to prevent further danger?
Jump in and drown as well
69 Throw a buoyant object and call for rescue
Watch and eat popcorn
Drink the water so that there is not water to drown with
What procedures should you not do during an Earthquake?
69 Run towards buildings
Get under a sturdy surface
Stay away from tall structures
Stay calm
Be aware of your surroundings
Which of these could you do to stay mindful?
69 Keep inside voices
Look at other people’s possessions
Walk in front of everyone
Ignore others and act grumpy
Cheating is a violation of the honor code and other’s privacy. What is considered cheating in these cases?
Collaborating 
69 Sharing answers
Looking at your paper
Keeping quiet even after your turn your test in
Theft occurs everyday and everywhere, what can you do to not be susceptible to theft?
69 Keep valuables away or in a safe place
Hold a gun to kill any thieves
Rob others so they won’t rob you